
Discuss about the operations that are performed on a data warehouse.

Compare and contrast daa mart and data warehouse.

Describe about any two methods that improves the efficiency of apriori algorithm.

Discuss about predictive data mining techniques.

What are the different methods that you will consider to solve noisy data in a database?

List and describe the five primitives for specifying a data mining task.

Discuss about different type of concept hierarchies.

When you were asked to design a data mining system, what are the different issues that you need to consider with respect to various scenarios?

Discuss about the major clustering techniques.

Discuss relational databases and transactional databases.

Enumerate the factors to be considered while selecting the sample in statistics.

Infer on the uses of statistics in data mining.

Give some of the factors for evaluating performance of a learning algorithm.

Highlight the steps in the data mining process.

Name some conventional visualization techniques.

Write down the importance of probabilistic graphical model.

Define data discretization.

List the types of data pre processing techniques.

Discuss the smoothing techniques.

Interpret the different types of data repositories on which mining can be performed.

Summarize various issues that have to be addressed during data integration.

Give an explanatory note on Attribute oriented Induction, describe how this is implemented.

Discuss the functional components of data mining graphical user interface.

Explain in detail the Time Series Analysis with an example.

Tell a story on Outlier analysis.

Describe about the various operations that can be performed on a data warehouse.

Compare OLAP and OLTP.

Discuss the sequence of steps that you will follow for the knowledge discovery process.

Discuss the issues to be considered during Data Integration.

Discuss in detail about the unsupervised data mining techniques.

Discuss about various methods that you have to consider to handle missing values.

how the interstingness measures are estimated by certainity,utility and novelty?

Describe about hash based and transaction reduction techniques that improves the efficiency of Apriori Algorithm.

Represent the usage of the different data mining techniques in a travel agency.

Discuss about any two descriptive data mining techniques.

Explain evolution analysis with examples.

Represent the usage of the different data mining techniques in a university database.

Discuss in detail, any two applications of cluster analysis.

State the difference between operational database systems and Data warehouse with eight features.

Describe two challenges to data mining regarding performance issues.

Discuss the application of Data mining for Financial data analysis.

How do you compute the similarity between the objects described by binary variables in clustering analysis?

Describe the different stage of process involved in discovering interesting pattern from large amount of data.

Describe the partitioning methods, hierarchial methods and clustering high dimensional data approaches to clustering methods.

What is data mining?

What is prediction?

Describe three challenges in the field of data mining regarding data mining methodolog and user interaction issues.

Why data pre processing is important?

Why business need to have separate data warehouses?

With an example, explain linear,multiple and no linear regression.