
Propose and illustrate a complete computer network using all existing networking hardwares and explore the OSI layer.

Discuss the importance of encoding in computer networks.

Discuss the needs for quality of service(Qos) in computer networks with relevant examples.

Identify and evaluate various parameters that could act as basis for providing quality of service.

Demonstrate Bellman Ford algorithm with a neat example.

Elucidate how Bellman Ford algorithm differs from Dijkstra's algorithm.

Write a short note on Network security and Virtual Private Networks.

Name the importance of addressing and naming in computer networks.

Explain any three application layer protocols and illustrate their architecture with detailed explanation

Explain how naming services have been used in Internet with an example.

Analyze in detail regarding the importance of Round trip time, Bandwidth, propagation Delay with respect to LANs and WANs.

Analyze various switching standards and identify suitable networking application for each standard with a simple clarification.

State the importance of access technologies in computer networks.

Discuss the TCP operation in detail.

Discover various issues in TCP protocol and suggest remedies for the same with suitable scenarios.

Write short notes on Transport Layer Security and Firewalls.

Exhibit Dijkstra's algorithm with a neat example.

Name any three session layer protocols and illustrate their architecture with detailed explanation.

Discover the requirements of network management in detail.

Justify why services offered by computer networks should be classified with few examples.

Explain the working concepts of cell switching using various virtual connections and header format of cell switching with diagram.

Explain the Frame Relay frame structure.

What are three fundamental characteristics to determine the effectiveness of data communication? 

What are the key elements of protocol.

What is the difference between the service point address, logical address and physical address in terms of layers, bits and format?

Explain the protocols of every layers in TCP/IP protocol suite.

Suppose there is heavy traffic on both CSMA?CD and TOKEN RING, On which system is a station more likely to wait?

Explain fields of IEEE 802 frame format and discuss how the shared medium is accessed and collision is detected ?

How the conjection is reduced in network using leaky bucket algorithm?

Elucidate the process of data integrity in secured network using MD5 algorithm?

How does VPN is guarantee the secure and privacy communication for an organization?

Discuss the functions, elements and structure of Network Management System.

Discuss about Fast Ethernet. Compare its performance with variations of Ethernet.

Explain the functionality of token buket algorithm.

Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of token bucket algorithm.

Discuss the purpose of fragment offset and time to live field in IP diagram.

Datagram fragmentation and reassembly are handled by IP and are invisible to TCP, Does this mean TCP does not have to worry about data arriving in the wrong order?

Higher throughput can be achieved by prioritizing certain service, List out the various issues faced by messages that are transmitted over the Internet.

Explain the design constraints of protocols, Also mention the responsibilities of OSI model.

List and explain the various contolled access method.

What type of errors can be detected by CRC, How is it implemented?

Explain about the Carrier sense multiple access protocol with collision detection.

Explain three-way handshake process of setting up and closing of a connection in TCP.

Explain man-in-the-middle attack anf=d justify how diffle hellamn is prone to above said attack.

Compare and contrast the IPv4 and IPv6 header fields.

Sort out the reasons for ehy ATM is not heavily used in the industry.

Explain the difference between tunnelling and header translation strategies during the transition period.

Design a bidirectional algorithm for the stop wait ARQ protocol using piggybanking.

Name the four basic network topologies and explain them giving all the relevant features.

List the four general categories of threats, explain how symmetric and asymmetric cryptosystems works?